All right.
Here we go for that final step.
Predicting the salary of the position level six point five.
With both linear regression and pulling them in regression.
So we're going to start with linear regression first.
Therefore creating a new codicil here.
And so now while I asked you to figure out how to predict a single observation you know the dependent
viable for a single observation meaning the position level six point five.
Well let's do it step by step.
Of course the first step you had to do here was to take your linear regression object you know from
the simple in our regression model and this object was named Lin rag this one and then very simply from
this object you're going to call the predict method to predict the salary of the position level six
point five.
All right.
So what exactly do you need to input here in this brick method to get such a predicted salary.
Well I'm sure some of you tried to directly input six point five but unfortunately this is not that
simple.
Because indeed you always have to input your observations in an array.
Right.
That's what is specified here in the parameters the input of the brick method should be an array like
or sparse matrix so an array like is for example a number array or a simple array with double pair of
square brackets.
Well you know I said it.
That's exactly how you need to input an array because generally in Python an array is built with pairs
of square brackets.
If you add just a single pair of square brackets here.
Well that actually creates a list or you can also see it as a vector.
But in order to create an array Well you know an array contains several dimensions like two dimensions
in our case here and therefore need add a double pair of square brackets.
What does this double pair of square brackets mean.
Well the first pair of square brackets here corresponds to the first dimension and the second pair of
square brackets here correspond to the second dimension.
So the first dimension is actually corresponding to the rows in your array.
And the second dimension is corresponding to your column.
So for example if I add just to show you if I add for example five here.
That would create actually an array of one row and two columns.
And if I add here a comma and then another pair of square brackets and then for example 2 and 3.
Well this would create indeed an array of two rows and two columns in the first row you would have six
point five and five and in second row you would have two and three.
So you see the first square bracket here corresponds to the rows.
And the second one correspond to the columns.
All right.
So let's go back to where we were.
Exactly this.
So this indeed is exactly the format expected by this brick method an array of two dimensions even if
this only contains one cell you know one value.
Well it has to be in this format.
And now while you're ready to get that prediction.
So before we execute this let's remember that this person asked for a 160 K salary and this is justified
by the fact that this person earned a one hundred sixty K salary in the previous company which is what
we have to check right now and we're going to check that first with the linear regression model which
returns indeed a salary of three hundred and thirty thousand dollars per year.
So if we actually use this model to negotiate with that person we would actually find it super weird
right.
Because this predicted salary is way over the real salary that this person had in its previous company.
So clearly the prediction here is wrong.
And you know that's what we can clearly see on the graph.
You know the graph above showing the results of the linear regression model six point five is somewhere
around here.
And indeed if we want to get a prediction we have to projected to that blue regression line and then
projected again to the vertical axis which is around here.
And indeed that's what we get.
You know this is multiplied by 10 and the bar is 6.
So indeed we get something around three hundred and thirty.
All right.
So anyway that's a really bad prediction.
So now we're gonna get the good prediction which we can clearly see here.
You know that six point five and we'll get a prediction around here which will correspond indeed to
the salary that this person mentioned.
So let's do this.
Let's create a new coattail here and to get that prediction we're going to do it efficiently.
I'm going to copy this and paste here.
And now once again I would like you to press buzz on this video and figure out what we have to replace
here to indeed get the predicted salary resulting off our polynomial regression model.
So please press pause and then I'll tell you the solution right away OK let's do this.
All right.
So first the obvious thing you had to change is of course the name of your aggressor because for polynomial
regression we named our regressive Lynn rag too.
And then.
Exactly the same thing as before.
Here we can't input that single position level.
You know coming from the matrix of single feature but instead.
Well we have to exactly input you know the features of this equation where X1 is equal to six point
five.
And therefore what we need to input as features is this array composed of the following features values
six point five four X1 then six point five squared four X one squared then six point five at the bar
of three and six on five at the power of four.
Because now we have built a polynomial regression more with the reform.
All right.
So here the exact thing that we have to predict and we can actually input that efficiently by you know
taking exactly what we input here in the predict method that poorly read object from which we call the
fit transform method to transform this matrix of single feature X into this matrix composed of the several
features that the different powers in here.
Well of course the feature value that we will input inside this fit transfer method will not be X but
not six point five directly.
Like you know before.
But once again add to the array containing the value of six point five the cell of six point five.
And so that's exactly the same as before we need to enter this six point five value inside an array.
You know just before we had X here X is an array and now we have to input six point five in it to the
array just like that.
And now there you go.
We're ready to get our predicted salary resulting from the polynomial regression model.
So let's find out right away.
What is that predicted salary and wonderful the predicted salary is one hundred and fifty eight.
Well actually one hundred fifty nine thousand dollars which is super close to the salary mentioned by
this person.
You know as the previous salary earned in the previous company.
So now we can be a hundred percent confident to hire this person because not only it is a good fit for
the job but also it is a very harnessed person and we figured that out with polynomial regression.
So congratulations.
We also have this case study not only we solve this case study but you now know how to build a polynomial
regression model.
And you added that in your toolkit This is your first nonlinear regression model.
Congratulations for that.
Now we're going to build three other ones starting with the as we are a support factor for regression
and that's what we'll do in the next section.
Now for those of you who also want to study our well you'll find that same implementation but in our
of course in the next section.
And for those of you who only want to learn python will join me in the section after that to first learn
about as we are with Carol and then implement the SB amo with me which will be by the way on the same
dataset with the same case study so that we can actually compare the different results of our non-linear
regression models.
So I can't wait to see you in these next sections.
And until then enjoy machine learning.